我們來談談這門課的大綱。
這門課有超過一百個高清影片，它們很有趣，可讓你持續學習下去。
And each section has some sort of actionable steps that you are able to followw such as building websites
and sample projects and everything we use in this course is a tool that companies use in real life.
我們不會教任何只用於示範練習而非真正技術的東西。
這些工具和技術都是真正業界用的技術。
They're the best of the best.
So let's look at the course outline.
The first part will be an introduction some basic concepts to get us familiar with the web and how it
works.
We will start off with how the Internet works what is the history of these technologies.
And I'll actually have you understand the underlying concepts of the Internet and how the technologies
we have now have come to be where they are.
We're going to talk about the history of the web the web browsers and then we're going to learn HTML5
Finally building our first website will also get into some advanced HTML where we're going to build
some complex forms and get you really really good at this technology.
We will then move into CSS which allows us to style our websites and make them beautiful.
Afterwards we'll get into advanced CSS and using CSS 3 features like transitions and gradients
in the advanced CSS section we'll create a background generator project that is going to be a lot of
fun.
Once we've mastered how to work with websites using HTML and CSS we'll then start learning about Bootstrap 4
templates and building your own startup landing page that accepts emails and will actually store
the emails of users as people who are interested in your startup.
A very useful skill that you will definitely need in your career.
Or if you have a business idea that you want to pursue and show you how some freelancers are making
a living working remotely using just these tools and how you can use them as well.
Finally we finish off Part 1 with Career of a Developer.
What does the career of a developer actually entail.
What are the salaries what are the differences between a software developer, mobile developer, software
engineer, full stack developer.
We're going to cover all of that and we're also going to talk about the future trends and what skills
do you need in the future.
From Part 1 we move to our next section in here we'll start to introduce javascript and learn basic
concepts that allow us to learn a real programming language and the most popular programming language
which is javascript.
We then move to Dom manipulation where we'll actually use Javascript to create actions and behaviors
to our website so they're interactive.
And then finally we're going to learn some advanced javascript concepts so that we can use javascript
to control the machines around us.
Now just knowing HTML, CSS, and Javascript is not good enough and you won't be able to grow in your
role and command a higher salary just with those three skills.
I'm going to be teaching you these things coming up because these are the things you should know
so that you are miles ahead of the rest.
So after the Javascript section we're going to start getting into the command line and working with
the terminal.
We then learn about developer environments and I'll actually show you what my developer environment
on my computer looks like when I'm working. We'll be setting up our own computers with all the tools necessary
of a real life developer.
So you can use the same setup when you go and work for somebody or for yourself knowing that your environment
is professionally set up.
We will then learn about Git and Github,
probably the most important tools of a developer and I'll show you how teams work with these technologies
to create collaborative software. We then get into a fun section which is A Day in the Life of a Developer
and I'll show you what a day to day from 9am to 5pm what it looks like and what tools you'll use I will
take you through a sample day at a tech company, just so that on your first day on the job you won't
be surprised.
We will then jump to NPM and NPM scripts a way for developers to share their code and Javascript snippets
and it's going to open up a whole world of possibilities.
Finally we finish off Part 2 with React.js
you'll learn the library that companies like Netflix, Facebook, and Instagram use to build fast, scalable
applications.
This is one of the highest in demand skills in the industry.
Its so much fun and I'm really, really excited about that section.
From Part 2 we'll move on to a nice short one which will introduce us to the worlds outside of just
the Front End that is just building websites without communicating with any other web site or the outside
world or servers.
We're going to learn about HTTP, JSON, and AJAX something that will open up a world of possibilities.
We'll learn about the Back End basics and what Back End developers do.
And then finally I'll introduce you to some APIs,
what APIs are and definitely some really interesting APIs that are out there.
This section is really going to open up your world from just being a Front End developer that is really
good at building websites to somebody that can create really dynamic applications and it will set us
up for Part 4. This is where it gets really, really fun.
We're going to start working on our final project called SmartBrain and we're going to start off by
working on the front end that is using CSS Javascript HTML and React.
We're going to build an image recognition app that's going to be really, really fun.
You submit a URL and using a machine learning API we're going to detect to see if in that photo
there is a face and then detect where that face is with the square box.
We're going to create a sign in form, a registration form and it's going to be really, really impressive
something that you're going to be able to use in your portfolio and impress future employers or clients.
We then take a break from the SmartBrain project to introduce you to Node.js and Express.
This is where I show you how to build a server, how to create a restful API so that when we get into
the next section the SmartBrain server section, we build our own server so that we're actually able
to communicate with the server over HTTP and sign into our app, sign out, have profiles and do all
sorts of really interesting things.
From there we again take a break and learn about databases, a really complex topic but I'm going to make
it simple for you to understand how they work and in the next section we're actually going to create
our own database using Postgres and connect it to our server so that at the end you'll have a fully
working app that has a frontend client web site, a backend server, and a server that's working with a
database.
Pretty much a full fledged application.
And finally we're going to deploy and launch that application so you know exactly how to put a real life
app that is secure and won't get hacked, on the web, and don't worry I'm going to provide all files for
you throughout the sections so that you can just add them to your portfolio or you can work along the
videos as well. Depending on what your learning style is.
You can follow along whichever way works best for you.
And at the end of the Course I'm also going to have a quick little section of some of my favorite resources
to get hired some of my own advice on finding a job of your dreams.
Finally by the end of this course you're going to learn the skills that allow you to apply for jobs
in the following roles.
Web Developer, Software Developer, Front End Developer, Javascript Developer, or a Full Stack Developer.
You're going to learn the technologies that are actually being used behind tech companies
You're going to be able to build your own websites and applications.
You're going to build a complex image recognition app
that you can put on your portfolio but most importantly you're going to master fundamental concepts in web
development so that it sets you up for a bright, long, career.
I also want to make this course interactive and I'll be making videos of student projects, and what others
have built in this course like you. I'll also have Q&A videos, where based on the most popular questions,
or the most popular topics I'm going to create new videos as they are suggested.
So, we have a lot to cover but it's going to be a lot of fun.
Let's get started.